I've already washed my hair with this
calluses specific this one is energizing
shampoo for targeting thinning hair but
do not bite already I have to use it a
little bit more than hundred if you want
to review it leave it in the comments
box so my hair's like really really
frizzy now please I like to take the
Moroccan oil this one is for light hair
I would not suggest you buy this I don't
like this product but I'm using it
because I kind of bought it as square
expenses so I'm trying to finish it off
what I like to do is take a lot of it
about three or four pumps I like to
apply at the ends of my hair the fact
that my hair is thinning my hair is
becoming really vulnerable to breakage
and that's reason why using you know
stuff like this it's me make sure hair
slippery is a good idea about four pumps
right so took about four pumps of this
and I just rub it and I start applying
this on the end portion of my hair and I
go up like that so mind you I do this
for like one sections or four pumps for
one particular section do not let this
touch your scalp because it has a lot of
silicone it's going to mess up your
frizzy hair even more so when my hair is
fully slathered with this when I was
left on my hand I just like to do it on
you know like this portion of my hair my
baby has just like crazy ass so just do
that do not touch your scalp even a
little bit go like that and so if I
sound really nasal
yesterday I slept like - I was watching
this really sad movie and I cried like a
bucket and then when I woke in the
morning my eyes were swollen my voice is
like this so what we're gonna do I'm
going to take a wide tooth comb this one
is the best actually look do the fact
that I have thin hair my hair is prone
to breakage so I'm just going to take
this cone generally I let my hair air
dry just like this I don't even comb it
I like my hair a little messy a lot
messy but do you think I'm going to show
you how I style it so
so I'm just going to very lightly comb
your hair don't like that just light
gentle strokes after my hair is like
nicely combed what I like to do is take
a middle parting let me just you have to
do this when you have wet hair so one
side here the other one here I just take
the bottom portion like this and I start
twisting it twist it twist it twist it
and then I kind of go like this and
twist it at the bottom as well keep it
like this go like that with your hands
this is just going to give a little bit
texture from the bottom and it's not
going to be like blood or work like it
usually is okay so I'm just going to go
like that I have to do this about two or
three times more until it actually dries
like my hair dries after that it just
becomes like nice way that's I'm just
going to leave this and leave it like
very gently okay no like look just leave
so my hair kind of dries like this you
can see wait let me get up my hair kind
of dries like this like these sort of
thingies so I let my hair dry like this
so it's going to take me about like half
an hour to dry my hair I will try to put
a clip or like a picture of my dried
hair in here somewhere
so yeah I hope like this video and I
hope if I useful boy do subscribe to my
channel for new videos every Tuesday
Thursday and Saturday subscribe to my
channel by clicking on the subscribe
you can also you two of my biggest
videos by clicking on them